# Bulk Trader ICO Due Diligence
Bulk Trader is a marketplace for accredited vendors & buyers to trade goods locally in bulk via a secure & transparent blockchain network.To simplify and empower the world Bulk Trader provides an opportunity to shop, ship and transact with potential partners under one roof in an ultra secure and transparent blockchain marketplace. Buyers and sellers can connect and trade products on a marketplace that is safe and exclusively built for the local B2B industry. To strengthen local economies Bulk Trader gives businesses the opportunity to make worthwhile contributions to their local country and region using a hyperlocal business model and marketing dynamics. To be an honest and open marketplace for the people of the world Bulk Trader offers its users the performance, confidentiality, governance, and required processing power they would need before trusting their assets and data to an unseen, commonly shared platform. Using a series of open and globally distributed ledgers, marketplace users can insure validation of interactions that take place between themselves and their customers, partners and suppliers. More power to the people In today's online shopping world, entrepreneurs are looking to toss out old selling tactics and reimagine their approaches to the customer journey. Bulk Trader provides a marketplace that offers the right channel to the right B2B buyer at the right moment. While our buyers get to understand products and services, sellers get an in depth evaluation of their buyers needs comprehensively. Bulk Trader focuses on organizational mindfulness where we link wholesalers and retailers with a high degree of transparency and authenticity.
## Risks
