# DressCode ICO Due Diligence
The Dresscode platform is aimed at connecting its users network and is the core product where functionalities can be implemented on the go. The applications are limitless while the main threads concentrate on:  Using the application will make buying or selling a blockchain edition of your favourite designer with bespoke ownership and verified product authenticity safely stored on one non-fungible token bearing the imprint of a physical fashion item easy to understand, use and embrace.  Both limited edition fashion and cryptocurrency offer alternatives to established systems that have adapted poorly to cultural shifts. The fact that the old guards of finance and fashion are beginning to take note speaks to the need for and great potential of this very new way of bringing fashion to the people safely, quickly and in a way that brings big benefits to all.  And the blockchain is just such an alternative. It’s highly flexible and has huge potential in terms of reach and application, well beyond simplifying reservations, automating deliveries and setting new values for the most exclusive items. Faced with a generation of consumers who are both the most well informed and fiscally precarious in modern history, luxury labels are searching for ways to remain relevant – and therefore profitable. Limited edition streetwear fills that void. The multimillion dollar aftermarket for rare sneakers and apparel represents a big shift in consumer desire, where a hoodie that costs $148 at retail can be worth 10 times as much on an online resale platform like The Real Real, Vestiare, Grailed or StockX. Naturally, the entire industry wants a piece of this action. To date, several distinguished fashion brands have already expressed big interest in Projectdresscode’s new protocol. They’ve seen the potential in the direct correlation between limited edition fashion and the limited number of tokens all running on blockchain, which has moved the fashion crowd to christen the blockchain “the new internet”.
Read more: [DressCode](https://metabay.network/ico/dresscode)
## Risks
* Domain name has the following statuses: ok
* HTTP Strict Transport Security not set
* TLSA record not configured or configured wrong
* OCSP stapling not configured
## Website
* Domain: None
